Bears need to give this guy a contract.
Never seen anybody run that
fast holding a stolen TV.
So the corner of 32nd
and Addison is a hot spot.
Gotta look out for those dope boys.
Hey. Hernandez. where's my coffee mug?
This ain't funny.
I don't care if you eat that deep-fried.
high-sodium crap seven days a week.
But dear God. clean it up.
Do you know how hard it is
to get ants out of a squad car?
- No. ma'am.
- No. Sergeant.
- Excuse me.
- One second. ma'am.
You're about to find out. Clean it.
Hey.
ASA just dropped off your warrant.
- Boss man's reading it now.
- All right. thanks.
Where is Ruzek?
Disco Bob's not doing too well.
so he needs a little time.
Still skeleton. baby.
I've been waiting for ten minutes.
Ma'am. I understand that your noise...
My neighbor's dog won't stop barking.
- Yes. I...
- 911 hung up on me.
- Yes. ma'am.
- 2102. you copy?
Go with your traffic.
2133 is not answering his radio.
There's been three attempts.
They've been down
on selling narcotics at...
Ma'am. please write your address down.
- and we'll put a car on it.
- Thank you.
Was that so hard?
They've been on that job for 40 minutes.
They better have a couple
over the hood or a pinch.
If they don't. red line them.
Copy you.
There she is.
the unflappable Trudy Platt.
Robby McKay.
I haven't seen you in this district
since you ditched me for Narcotics.
Yeah. it's probably 'cause
I'm still afraid of you.
- [CHUCKLES]
- Uh-huh.
Sarge. you get a chance
to sign my arrest report?
Uh-huh.
As soon as you give me
a list of the stolen property.
- I didn't steal nothing.
- Okay.
Well. then I guess
the report's accurate. huh?
Continue.
How's Mouch? You look great. by the way.
Oh. I see. You need a favor.
No fooling you. Sarge.
What is it?
I'm close on a case. Like. real close.
I could use your brain.
You got a second?
- Sure. In here.
- Thank you.
Tell me this isn't
Rodriguez again. Los Gatos?
I can't quite promise you that.
I had him. Trudy.
I had him last year.
He was going away for 30 to life.
and then some chain-of-custody nonsense.
and the son of a bitch walked.
I heard. So what do you need?
I got a CI inside now.
They were able to ID the name
of a soldier. Diego.
Word is he's sitting
on a stash of bricks.
Now. my CI only knows his first name
and that Diego was recently arrested.
So run him. and get his arrest record.
Come on. you think you didn't
teach me better than that?
He ain't in any database.
I already checked.
So Diego was released
- without charges.
- Exactly.
And I've been going
district to district looking.
but nothing's been filed.
so I was hoping that
- maybe you could...
- I get it.
You want me to check the review room.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
I will check when I get
a second. but it might be late.
- You still in Bridgeport?
- Yep. Same place.
You're welcome to come anytime.
- And I owe you one.
- No.
- You owe me 900.
- [LAUGHS]
Now. get out of my face.
and I'll find you later.
Always a pleasure. Sarge.
I'll see you tonight.
[DOG BARKS]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Come on. let's go.
Hey.
Caitlin. Hey. Can I help you?
Oh. no. no. I'm good.
Hey. hon.
Say hello to Sergeant Platt.
- [SIGHS]
- [CHUCKLES]
Sorry.
I took away her tablet.
I like her.
- She reminds me of me.
- [CHUCKLES]
It's good to see you.
- It's been a while.
- Good to see you too.
- Where are you going?
- Uh. Iowa.
Yeah. just a little girls' trip.
Well. and my sister
just had her fifth. so.
Five kids?
I can barely look after Randall.
Well. I won't keep you.
Rob's in the kitchen working.
He's waiting for you. so head on back.
Oh. and please eat something.
The fridge is full.
- You got it.
- [CAR HORN HONKS]
All right. Let's see what we got here.
Diego Alvarez.
25 years old. clean sheet.
detained for sexual assault
and then released.
What's up with that?
Patrol responded to an in-progress call.
and by the time they arrived.
Diego was leaving the building.
He matched the offender's description.
so they grabbed him up.
but by the time they got to the station.
another squad had caught the actual guy.
So wrong place. wrong time
for Diego here.
And Patrol didn't put it on record.
So you think he's your guy?
I'm not sure.
Wait a second.
This last known. 3288 Cermak.
Uh-huh. What about it?
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold on.
Oh. my God. This is it.
I tailed Rodriguez to this block.
I could never get eyes on
what house he went into
'cause the whole area is
saturated with gangbangers
but that's it... 3288 Cermak.
Diego's gonna be there.
sitting on bricks.
Okay. Glad I could help.
Help? Are you kidding me.
Trudy. you cracked this thing.
I've been working on this for two years.
I gotta get my CI on the phone.
I gotta make sure it's Diego.
- I gotta get a warrant.
- Take a breath.
Take a breath.
Yes. ma'am. You're right.
It's just that I got this guy
linked to three bodies...
two innocents caught in crossfire.
One of them was a six-year-old kid.
You know the son of a bitch Rodriguez
actually showed up at one of
my daughter's soccer games?
- He did?
- Yeah.
And now I'm gonna nail this prick.
You gotta come on the raid.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
- I don't do raids anymore.
- Come on. you gotta!
I need your uniform.
so you gotta anyway.
It's gonna be a long one.
I got a lot to do.
Including finishing that swing set?
Oh. I know. I know. You sound like Cait.
I'll finish that disaster once
this prick is behind bars.
All right. I'll see you in the morning.
Bright and early. Hey. Platt.
Thank you.
- I appreciate it.
- You got it.
Everything is ready to go. Sergeant.
But still no word from McKay.
He's not picking up his phone.
He's not answering the radio.
Late to his own party.
I'll swing by the house. Back in ten.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
McKay.
Wake up.
What's going on?
McKay.
McKay!
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
♪ ♪
McKay?
Robby?
Hey. Robby. it's Platt.
McKay. you up there?
♪ ♪
McKay. you better be decent.
2102 Squad. please turn off your mobile.
2102. mobile is off.
Go with your traffic.
I conducted a well-being
check at 3817 North Harrison.
I have found an officer down.
Gunshot wound to the head.
I need cars.
Get cars.
Copy. 2102.
Additional vehicles en route.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
There's no easy way to say it. Sergeant.
It's a clear suicide.
Oh. no. No. no.
No. I was with him last night.
He... he was at the top of his game.
He was conducting a warrant
this morning for a case
he's been working on for two years.
He was good.
Trudy. how many officers
do you know that have...
No. No. no. Not him.
He had a wife and a kid.
I would have seen it.
His service weapon was discharged.
It's missing exactly one round.
The trajectory. the splatter...
I mean. evidence doesn't lie.
[POLICE SIREN BLARING]
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
We'll work the scene.
We'll process the body.
We'll wait on an official statement.
But the answer is not gonna change.
I'm sorry. Trudy.
Oh. you. uh... you happen to
see McKay's phone anywhere?
No. I didn't.
It's probably charging somewhere.
We'll find it.
Oh. one last thing.
I can notify the family.
his wife. unless...
I'll do it.
Thank you.
Yes. I know. I know.
Cait. I'm so sorry.
I'm only allowed to say
it was a gunshot wound.
His service pistol.
But manner of death is still pending.
We are going to investigate
the hell out of this.
Cait. I promise you.
I will get to the bottom of it.
Yes. I will.
I will call. I promise.
Any sign of forced entry?
No. ma'am.
GSR on McKay's hand?
Spit it out.
Yes. Sergeant. Yes.
There was GSR on his hand and sleeve.
- Dunlop.
- Yeah?
When I got here.
the back door was unlocked.
Well. the lock wasn't broken.
just not engaged.
And who's accompanying the body?
He's getting an officer
down escort. yes?
You know they can't do
an officer down escort.
Until there's a definitive ruling.
this is an in the line of duty death.
He took his own life.
That's not line of duty
according to Chicago law.
Okay.
I will stay with the body
as tradition dictates.
But you will put two squads
on escort right now or...
Trudy. that is not...
You listen to me.
I bark once and then I bite.
[SIRENS WAILING]
I'm sorry. Trudy.
I know we've both seen this
happen to too many cops.
But you see the job add up.
You got the solution strapped to you.
If you say you're sorry again.
I'm gonna lose
what little patience I have.
Look. I know how this looks.
I have seen police take their lives.
But McKay would have come to me
if he was in that kind of trouble.
This is something else.
I can feel it.
Initial investigation is complete.
Cause of death is a single projectile.
bullet to the cerebrum.
Time of death is estimated
between midnight and 3:00 a.m.
Only thing in his system was alcohol.
I had a beer with him last night.
Okay.
There is one odd thing.
The body shows signs of dual lividity.
Excuse me?
Gravity pools the blood.
- causing bruising on the skin.
- No. no.
I know what dual lividity is.
You're saying...
There are two areas
of bruising on the body.
His body was moved.
How long after he died?
I'm still working on that.
Could his wife or a family
member have moved him?
No.
Then it needs to be explained.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
Someone was in that house.
They killed him. and then
they staged his suicide.
I told you. this feels wrong.
Look. I can stay here. Trudy.
You go rework the scene as a homicide.
I mean. McKay was hours away
from arresting Rodriguez.
Could Los Gatos have found out?
Sure. Yeah.
I mean. Rodriguez knew McKay.
He wouldn't hesitate to kill him.
What?
That window was closed last night.
You sure?
Yeah.
I was looking out this window
at that swing set.
and it was closed.
Well. that's good.
We'll process it for prints.
- I'll take the bed.
- Yeah. Thanks.
[EXHALES]
- Platt.
- Yeah.
Check that out.
Is that blood?
Yeah.
That looks like a partial print.
Yeah. I can see a loop pattern.
And the arch is smudged.
Maybe enough for comparison.
but not a straight-up ID.
Police were all wearing gloves.
- We didn't leave this.
- No.
Someone else was here.
This was caught on a traffic cam
two blocks from McKay's house
at 1:30 a.m..
right within Officer McKay's
time of death.
And who am I looking at?
That's Juan Molina.
documented member of Los Gatos.
And that's his boss. Adrian Rodriguez.
McKay's main target.
This is no coincidence.
They were in his home.
They staged this.
It's murder.
This is Adrian Rodriguez.
He's the head of a
Westside DTO called Los Gatos.
Los Gatos is responsible
for the majority of heroin
in Humboldt Park as well as three
known gang-related homicides.
This is Officer Robert McKay.
McKay is a...
McKay was a Narcotics cop.
He'd been working Rodriguez
for two years.
Last night. McKay secured
a warrant to execute a search
of a Los Gatos stash house.
We're still building the timeline.
but we believe between the hours
of midnight and 3:00 a.m..
Rodriguez and this guy. Juan Molina.
broke into McKay's house
and murdered him.
We think they were
trying to ID his snitch.
or they wanted to just
stall the investigation.
Hey.
I talked to Dunlop.
He confirmed McKay's cell phone
was never found at the scene.
OCD tech lab says it was
turned off at 1:42 a.m.
That's within the time of death.
Okay. so offenders grabbed it.
hoping that they could ID the CI?
Wait. are we in contact
with that informant?
Well. McKay never told me the CI's name
and the judge never asked
McKay to produce him.
Do we have enough
based on the cam footage
of Rodriguez and Molina?
This puts them in the area.
not at the scene.
Yeah. the kitchen window
gave up no prints.
and the partial print on the
bed frame was inconclusive.
It was McKay's blood.
but that's all we got.
We still have McKay's
search warrant. though.
We can hit that stash house now.
Yeah. let's hit that stash house.
Hell. let's hit every set
and corner Los Gatos occupies.
Just scoop up as many as you
can. and you squeeze them.
And get Rodriguez and Molina
off the street
before they can clean up any evidence.
These guys killed a cop.
I wanna send a message.
Let's go.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
Chicago PD!
Police. Warrant.
Chicago PD! Go. go. go!
Get them. I'll get the girl.
Adrian Rodriguez. CPD. Open up.
Stop running. Stop.
- Why are you sweating me?
- Come on.
Hands up.
You find any product?
Found traps in the kitchen
and the basement
but all are empty.
The stash has been moved.
[BOTH SPEAKING SPANISH]
Stop!
Sarge.
Go ahead.
We hit Rodriguez's house.
He's not here.
No eyes on Molina. either.
♪ ♪
[SPITS]
[GRUNTING]
What'd you drop back there?
I didn't drop anything.
Oh. no?
It just what. jumped out of your mouth?
Let's go.
Come on.
Oh. look.
What's that. huh?
- What's that?
- You don't understand.
Yeah. What don't I understand?
Listen. please.
Call McKay.
What'd you say?
Officer Robert McKay.
Call him.
He'll explain.
Trust me.
Move.
Her name is Ines Marin.
She's Adrian Rodriguez's cousin.
She claims that she's McKay's CI
and that she's the one
who helped him find Diego.
Does she sound legitimate?
Uh. yeah. to me.
Well. did you find him?
McKay. Did you talk to him?
- Did he explain?
- No.
Why not?
Officer McKay is dead.
What?
He was shot last night.
No. No.
I was with him last night.
When?
Late.
He... he went to go see a judge
about his warrant or whatever.
And then I saw him after.
like. later. like...
I hit him up at 1:00 in the morning.
What do you mean. you hit him up?
I don't know.
Am I supposed to answer that?
A man is dead. Yes. you answer it.
Okay. look. I got a call from Rodriguez.
This is after the judge and all of that.
He... he knew there was a rat.
He knew.
And what. did you tell McKay that?
Yeah.
Yeah. I told him what Rodriguez said.
He knew that he had heat on him.
so he moved his product
out of the stash house.
So McKay knew that the Cermak
house was gonna be empty?
Yeah. He was pissed.
Where did they move the product to?
I don't know. Rodriguez. he didn't say.
He was really paranoid. He was angry.
So where are Rodriguez and Molina now?
I don't know.
I don't. I... I really... I don't know.
But look. I can find out.
I can get that for you. I promise.
Okay. Do that.
Let's get a wire on her.
This won't start your car.
but it will let us listen to you.
All right. I got it.
I've used one of these with McKay.
So I'm just sniffing for
where you guys can find
- Rodriguez or Molina. right?
- Yeah.
Yeah. you get the info.
then we grab them up.
So you got enough
to bust him for murder?
No. not yet.
First we get him off the street.
then we hold him and build
for the next 48.
All right.
Yeah. I know who to ask where.
- I can get you the info.
- Okay.
- And you're sure you're safe?
- Oh. yeah. Yeah.
Rodriguez. he's family.
Yeah. I've done him right for years.
I could flip on him in front of his face
and he wouldn't believe I'm a snitch.
None of these have the camera.
Someone did a half-assed job.
What a surprise.
I'll be right back.
Why are you helping us. Ines?
- Stay out of prison.
- Okay.
Solid answer. Coffee?
Sure.
And I... I like McKay.
He was good to me.
He busted me on a UC buy.
but he let me work it off
by informing on Rodriguez.
Paid me real good too.
He reminded me of my dad.
Yeah? Like how?
Yeah.
Always drunk. always smiling.
Drunk?
Yeah. but it wasn't a big deal.
He was just always a little buzzed.
Yeah. but like. always?
Like when you met. like. last night?
Sure.
Look. stories he told. things he's seen.
like strangled babies or his cop friends
getting their face blown off.
I would have been getting loaded too.
What. did I say something?
Okay.
Here we go.
You good?
Yeah. Yeah.
Let's get this thing jumping.
Okay.
Kev. Imani. are you good
with the long eye?
We're in the pocket.
Here she comes. 11 o'clock.
Copy you.
- [ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
- ♪ Come on. baby ♪
♪ Let's go for a little drive ♪
[SINGING INDISTINCTLY]
♪ ♪
A whi... whiskey.
Do you know if McKay
had a history of drinking?
What?
Ines said something.
She said that he was drunk
on a lot of their meets.
She was probably exaggerating.
As far as I know.
he drank as much as most cops.
which is. as we know. a lot.
Sure.
But you know how McKay's family
just left town
to go visit Caitlin's sister in Iowa?
I don't know. there's something about it
that didn't feel like a vacation.
What did it feel like?
I don't know. Was their marriage okay?
Wait a minute.
Where are you going with this?
What do you think?
I'm just looking at all the
evidence like you taught me.
I'm ignoring nothing. That's what...
But he was murdered.
It doesn't matter
if his marriage was okay.
But Ines said some things
that made it feel like his head...
Look. he was the toughest
recruit I ever had.
Same way on the job...
selfless. heroic. good police.
If you're insinuating that
he's taken the easy way out.
he didn't.
He wouldn't.
Yo. Sparrow.
Yo. where's my cousin. man?
Cops shut down the block.
They cleared all the corners.
Chased my ass.
Yo. keep your voice down.
Man. I barely got away.
I went to the Cermak house
and it's all taped up.
What's going on?
Where's Rodriguez?
Did you not hear me?
I said. keep your damn voice down.
- Things got hot. okay?
- Yeah. no kidding. man.
Cops rounded up about
half a dozen of us.
I gotta talk to Rodriguez.
so where is he?
He's underground.
You can't reach him.
Have a seat. Chill.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ ♪
Chill? No. No.
Where is he?
What?
You want me to tell my cousin
that you withheld info from me.
his family?
What. because you thought
I couldn't be trusted?
Me?
You think he'll like that?
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Calm your ass down.
They're just at Ludo's
old place on 84th.
There we go.
Good.
Now. was that so hard?
You need a haircut. by the way.
You look like an idiot.
♪ ♪
I got a gun! Go! Go!
Chicago PD!
Offender's armed.
He's headed out the back.
Police. Drop the weapon.
- Drop it!
- Drop it! Drop it!
[GRUNTS]
- Where's Rodriguez?
- 5021 Eddie. emergency.
- Shots fired by police.
- Look at me.
Look at me.
Where is Rodriguez?
Yes. roll the crime lab
to 84th and Princeton.
Copy that. 5021. Rolling the crime lab.
I got a phone.
Looks like a burner.
Got one number
that called 45 minutes ago.
Call lasted 50 seconds.
Here. I'll run it to the OCD lab.
Got dope.
What the hell is this?
Eight digits.
Maybe a passcode to something?
All right. let's start running it.
- Yes. sir. I've got it.
- Hey.
Got keys here. Cadillac Escalade.
That's the same car Rodriguez
and Molina drove from McKay's.
[CAR ALARM BLARING]
I got blood.
2102. I need Streets and San
for a car tow
at 84th and Princeton.
Platt. GPS.
We can run it.
If they've used this vehicle
before. we've got them.
Yeah.
Rodriguez would run
to someplace he knows.
They always do.
What?
What is it? You got that face.
What is it?
I requested McKay's personnel file.
He took a 90-day leave
of absence six months ago.
No reason listed why.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I want to prove that
this is murder. I do.
I don't wanna keep hurting you
with this. trust me.
But...
you can't just ignore
the other version of this.
There's an epidemic of cop suicide.
and there's things here
that feel wrong. Trudy.
Here you go. How's that?
- That enough evidence for you?
- Oh. my. God. Platt...
No. Look. Look.
I am looking.
That is Rodriguez and Molina's movements
in the last 24 hours.
And where did they go last night?
McKay's place.
Why'd they stop at a laundromat?
- What? I don't know.
- They stopped at a laundromat.
- If they're on the run. why...
- I have no idea.
But this puts them at the scene.
And we have McKay's blood in the car.
That's concrete evidence.
- It is.
- Yeah...
- [PHONE BUZZES]
- It is.
Hank?
I'm just going to the laundromat.
I'm just gonna check it out.
Yeah. we have them at McKay's
during time of death.
Yes.
♪ ♪
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[GRUNTS]
[PHONE RINGS]
I was just about to call you. Burgess.
We got a lead.
We think we know
what that eight-digit number
- on Molina's hand was.
- What?
A U.S. DOT number. belongs to a truck.
We think that his burner
was called by his accomplice
and they helped him get
a clean getaway vehicle.
Well. we know where it is now?
We got him on traffic cams.
headed toward 294
getting out of Chicago. What's your 20?
I'm checking a lead.
I'll start heading out there.
But. Kev. I need. um...
I need McKay's phone passcode.
His wife should have given it to us.
Okay. You good?
No.
Okay.
- You need me?
- Not yet.
All right. well. as soon
as you do. just say the word.
You know I got you.
Let me get you this passcode real quick.
Here we go.
122885.
Thanks. Send me where you're crashing.
Copy that. On the move right now.
[SIGHS]
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Go around the other side. Hey. hey.
Ma'am. police business. Go.
♪ ♪
You said pump 8 was $80.
That's what I'm paying you.
I'm having trouble with my register.
Then just take my cash.
Chicago PD. Let me see your hands.
♪ ♪
Gun! Gun! He got a gun.
Hands up.
Did you pull the trigger?
Was it you? Did you kill him?
Look at me. Look at me.
Did you think that you could kill a cop
and get away with it?
♪ ♪
Hands up. Turn around.
Turn around.
Found 20 bricks so far.
[TIRES SCREECH]
Kev. you're transporting him already?
He already on his way.
I need a minute with him.
just a minute. before you do.
Officer Atwater. you got a second?
Mm-hmm. I got you.
Call out when you're ready.
Thanks.
Rodriguez. they're gonna
take you to the district
right now. and your lawyer
can meet you there.
So what you say right now
isn't on record.
I'm not recording you or anything.
but if you tell me the truth
right now. I'll help you.
We have you on the narcotics
and breaking into McKay's house.
We know you were there.
but I know that you didn't kill him.
Just tell me the truth. okay?
Tell me what you saw.
Tell me what happened.
My theory is you and Molina
knew you had a snitch.
knew McKay was coming for you.
so you broke into McKay's house
with the intention
of finding out who that snitch was.
But when you got there.
McKay was already dead.
So you decided to get
the hell out of there.
but you couldn't resist
taking his phone.
because what if the name
of the snitch was on there?
So you moved his body
to search for that phone.
stole it. got out. but then
couldn't even get in the phone.
so you dumped it.
You decided to leave Molina in the dust.
take your product. and go.
How's my theory sound?
That what happened?
Oh.
Okay.
[SIGHS] Okay.
Why do you need to see me right now?
We just got Rodriguez in the box.
We're about to crack him.
He's not gonna crack.
What? What do you mean?
Seriously. Kim. what is up with
this cloak-and-dagger crap?
This is McKay's phone.
I found it in the laundromat.
Rodriguez and Molina dumped it there
because they couldn't get into it.
so all of McKay's content.
it's still there.
He made a video. Trudy.
- No.
- Yes.
He recorded what amounts to a letter.
No. No.
They were in the house.
We have evidence.
- Rodriguez and Molina.
- Yeah. they were.
They were in the house.
but they were there after.
They were there
after McKay committed suicide.
No!
They... they could have
forced him to do anything.
Trudy. I saw it.
I saw the video.
They didn't force him.
[SOMBER MUSIC]
I'm very sorry.
- Give me your glove.
- No. don't.
I've seen it. You don't...
- Give me your glove.
- Need to see it.
♪ ♪
122885.
Caitlin. I wanna say
that I'm really sorry.
I tried.
I tried so...
I tried so freaking hard. but. uh...
I just can't do it anymore.
It just hurts too bad.
I'm a failure.
Everything I touch.
I'm sorry that I wasn't enough.
I'm sorry that I couldn't be the man
that I wanted to be for you.
the man that you deserve.
I love you.
♪ ♪
[SOBBING]
[VOICE BREAKING]
Please tell our baby girl
that I love her too. I love her so much.
And I'm gonna miss her.
And I'm always gonna love her.
I'm gonna love you both.
But...
I just can't do it anymore. I'm sorry.
You're gonna be better off
without me anyway.
I'm sorry. I love you both.
Please forgive me.
End it. End it there for me. please.
I'm sor...
♪ ♪
I... I...
I knew McKay.
Well. I thought I knew him.
I... I didn't see this.
Trudy. because he didn't want you to.
I'm a cop.
But Trudy. Trudy. this is... no.
This is... he was sick
and he was hurting.
And I didn't see it.
Because he didn't want you to.
Because that's very hard to see.
Oh. Oh.
Oh.
His wife and his daughter.
[SOBBING]
♪ ♪
Listen to me.
His legacy is still the same.
And everything that
you said about that man.
it's still true.
Okay? It's still true.
This was an on-duty death.
We both know that.
He was a good cop.
Okay?
Hey.
How do you wanna handle this?
♪ ♪
[DOORBELL CHIMES]
Trudy.
Hi. Caitlin.
I need to talk to you.
We found out what happened.
♪ ♪
[WOLF HOWLS]
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪